[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> This is "Secret
Life of Symbols."
>> This dollar bill has
value, because it is based
on your physical body.
Your flesh and blood body backs
up the authority of this money.
If you're an
American, this money
is backed up by your body.
Now, let me show you how.
When you look at the
front of the dollar bill,
you will see on each
side are serial numbers.
For this particular dollar
bill are serial numbers.
If you look on the back of
your Social Security card,
you will see the
numbers on the bottom.
The numbers on the bottom
are usually in red--
represents your blood on
the New York Stock Exchange.
It represents your
physical body.
That's why the numbers are in
red, representing your blood.
Now, when you take the numbers
on this Social Security card
and put it next to the serial
numbers on the dollar bill,
you will see it's the
same sequence of numbers
and letters.
And so what it's
actually telling you
is that just like whatever
the amount is-- $24 million,
or $4 million, or $6
million, whatever it is,
that your body is worth on
the New York Stock Exchange.
There's that much
money out there all
over the world in
5s, and 10s, and 100s
with your Social
Security number on it.
So these numbers line up
exactly correct the same way.
The numbers can be in
blue, black, or red.
And so this is why
years ago, we used
to say the government
is just going
to beat you black and blue,
because black and blue
are colors that are
used in banking.
You have to sign with
a blue or black pen.
Or you can sign
with your red pen,
which represents your blood.
Your physical body
is really very
important to the corporation
called the United States
corporation.
That, again, is why they want
you to wear your seat belt
and have insurance.
Or in case something
does happen to you,
you need to have insurance.
Why?
Because the government
doesn't want
to pay for you to
be in a hospital.
They want you out
making money for them.
They don't have to
put the money in
to protect you in a hospital.
Go get your own insurance.
Let them pay for it.
The real powers behind
banking today in America
is insurance companies.
Insurance companies are
the most powerful hand
behind the world of
money, because it
has something to do
with the 14th Amendment
and how we were changed over
from sovereignty-- man, woman,
and child into a US citizen.
During the 1870s,
when the corporation
was being born in the minds
of the politicians here,
when they realized the
United States of America
was no longer a viable entity,
because we are a lot of things,
but united isn't one of them.
So we're no longer
a United States,
but we're a corporation.
And so therefore,
your body now becomes
a security for that
cooperation, and it needs money.
It's a big corporation, and
it needs money coming in.
So that's why they want you
to stay safe and drive safe,
so that you can make money.
They don't want to
pump money out on you.
They need you to go out and
make money for themself.
This changeover from being
sovereign man, woman,
and child sovereigns, which
means you are your own law.
But when we changed over from
the United States of America
into a corporation
in 1870 and we
became known to the world as
the United States corporation,
not the United
States of America.
From 1870 to the First World
War and in the Second World War,
the United States
corporation went broke.
Financing all these escapades
around the world with wars,
and revolutions, and
paying other countries
to be our friends and all that.
So the corporation called
United States went broke.
So they had to go
back to the old days,
go back to the British banking
cartels who can print money out
of nothing and had
the ability to finance
anything they wanted to do.
And so the corporation
had to borrow money
from the British bankers to
keep this corporation going,
because the
corporation is broke.
And you don't want to go broke
when you got millions of people
who want to eat tonight.
And the company of
the United States
no longer is operable,
because it is broke.
So the United States went to
the European banking system
and asked for loans
to give us some money.
Loan us some money, so we can
keep our corporation going.
Well, the bankers there said,
well, why would we do that?
You are already broke.
So why would we turn
around and give you money
when we know you're broke?
So how are you
going to pay us back
if we did give you the money?
And so the British bankers
and the international bankers
in Europe came up
with a brilliant idea.
We'll loan you the money,
whatever it is you need.
We'll give you a blank
check, and you can
do whatever you want with it.
And we'll loan you the money.
But what we want is, we want
your citizens as collateral.
And so the idea was we'll
give you lots of money,
but we want your daughter, OK?
We want your son.
We want your wife.
And so today we are
collateral for the money that
was borrowed to keep the
corporation going, back
in the 1870s to the
First World War.
And so today, we
still talk about how
we have a national debt.
We have to pay off
this national debt.
No one's ever asked
the question--
who are we paying off?
Who we are in debt to?
My God, I thought we were
the most powerful country
in the world.
And we're the envy
of the whole world.
And yet, we have
a national debt.
And so the politicians
tell, no, no, what it is,
is that we owe ourselves.
We do a lot for you.
And so we've spent
a lot of money
on you, building you bridges and
all that kind of stuff we do.
And so we just want to
keep it in the House,
so you need to pay us--
your government.
Yeah, but it's not
It represents the bankers
of Europe and England.
And there is a debt.
And you will pay it, because
the British bankers loaned us
a lot of money to build our
railroads, and our airports,
and our highways, and
all kinds of things
that we've been
building America.
And it is very impressive.
Yeah, but you don't
have any money.
You went broke during
the First World War.
And so that's why we today
are a collateral for the debt.
We do have a national debt and
ultimately at the bottom line
is the Vatican.
The Vatican is the
ultimate bottom line
on all of this dark dealings
behind the scenes with bankers
in Europe, wars, and violence.
The whole banking
establishment is
based on the Vatican canon law.
That's a very big story about
the history of the world.
And the 33rd President of the
United States was Harry Truman.
And Truman made an
interesting statement.
Somebody asked him, is there
anything going on in history
that we haven't been told?
And he said the only thing
that's hidden in history
are the facts of life
that you don't know--
how this country
really was founded,
and where the money really came
from, and who you really are.
That-- you don't know.
Well, that's the real hidden
history of this country.
All of this stuff that
you think you understand--
nobody really understands
how this system works.
It's based on your blood.
It's based on your body.
It's based on putting
your children up
as collateral for later bills.
It's a remarkable story.
And it brings into
play the pirates
of the Caribbean, the Federal
Reserve, and the national wars.
Like you used to
many years ago--
they used to say war
is good business.
You should invest your son.
It's just a business.
Today, we even have people
called fight promoters.
They put up the money, and
they organize the fight.
And they pick out who's
going to fight who.
And they pay both sides.
And the whole thing is a show.
This is why during wartime,
you'll hear the generals
talking about the wars in the
Pacific theatre or the wars
in the Atlantic theatre.
Well, theatre is a word
used in relation to a show.
And that's why,
because it is a show.
And then you get into the
esoteric symbols on the dollar
bill side with the pyramid.
The pyramid has 13 layers.
There are 13 layers
in the pyramid.
There are 72 stones
The pyramid has an
all-seeing eye that's
not touching the pyramid.
Above it, it has the letters
in Latin-- says Annuit coeptis.
Basically, Annuit coeptis
simply means our enterprise
or our project.
Now, is the success.
What project?
What is it that's a project,
that's now a success?
On the bottom, it says
Novus ordo seclorum.
Novus is a novice, meaning
new, ordo as order,
and seclorum is secular, which
means of the world as secular.
It's a secular project,
and it seems to be working.
So it's our project
is now a success.
What?
The new order of the world.
When you hear people talking
about the new world order,
it's on the American
dollar bill--
new world order.
And it's based on what?
It's based on the
ancient Egyptian concepts
of government, finance,
law, and the way
the ancient Egyptians
understood the world at large.
That's why you have a pyramid.
Now, interesting
the word pyramid
comes from-- it's
actually two words.
A lot of people don't know this.
Pyramid is two words put
together-- prya and mid.
Pyra is fire.
Like pyromaniacs,
pyro- text is fire.
And mid simply means middle.
So you put the two together,
because pyra, mid or the fire
in the middle.
This is why today when you
go into a public building
like restaurants and hotels,
you will see the restrooms
for male and female, right?
And on the male restrooms
all over in the public--
will always be a pyramid.
It's always a triangle or a
pyramid on a male restroom.
Women's is always a
circle on the women's.
Why?
Because the pyramid
is fire in the middle.
And so the idea was
that the fire of sex
is in the middle
of the human body.
And so the women are
also involved with this.
They're called the
circle of life.
They keep the circle
of life going.
Without the women,
there's no children.
You'll see around the pyramid.
You will see a circle.
And that symbolizes the sun.
And that symbolizing the sun
has to do with Stonehenge.
Stonehenge seems to be connected
to the Great Pyramid of Egypt,
because they've used the
same identical measuring
inside Stonehenge as
they used in the pyramid.
The connection
between Stonehenge
and the Great Pyramid of
Egypt-- not all the pyramids.
Only that one pyramid
called the Great Pyramid.
That's not the big
one in the middle.
That's the one just
before it, is actually
called the Great Pyramid.
And that Great Pyramid uses
what is called the Pyramid inch.
It has to do with what
the Egyptians called
the sacred cubit.
But that's another story.
But the pyramid inch is used in
the pyramid and in Stonehenge.
This eye in the pyramid is
representing the Egyptian sun
god.
The eagle, of course,
represents the sun.
And of course, on
one side, we see
that there's 32 feathers
in one wing of the eagle
and 33 on the other wing.
32 and 33 are Masonic numbers--
the 32nd degree and
then the 33rd degree.
And of course, when
you're going into court,
they're going to give
you the third degree,
and so showing that the courts
are all Masonic construction
to start with.
So if you're not a Mason, you
need to stay out of court.
Or you better find out what to
do when you go in the court,
because they're going to
give you the third degree.
You will see 13 stars
above the eagle's head.
But the 13 stars are in
the configuration of what
we call the Star of David.
Now, it's actually a six-pointed
star, which is a hexagram.
We call it the Star of David,
but that is not correct.
Actually, in point of fact,
it's called the star of Saturn.
And look it up in
the encyclopedias.
And you will see a
six-pointed star--
has always been referred
to as a star of Saturn.
But Saturn plays a very big part
today in the world religions.
There are 13 stars.
There are 13 arrows.
There are 13 berries and leaves.
There are 13 strips
on the eagle's chest
for the original
American flight.
The tail of the eagle
has nine feathers.
There's a reason why.
Nine is very important to the
secret societies of Freemasonry
coming out of the Vatican.
The Vatican Freemasonry, York
and Scottish Rite Freemasonry--
they all realize that there's
something very important
about the nine feathers.
Because the tail feathers of a
bird help it direct its flight.
They can decide
where it wants to go,
according to the tail feathers.
The reason why
this is important--
because if you look up the
history of the Knights Templar,
they were referred
to as the Knights
of the Temple of Solomon.
Today it's in the
Wailing Wall, is
the Knights of the
Temple of Solomon,
is at the Wailing Wall.
But if you look up in the
dictionaries or encyclopedias,
the history of the
Knights Templars.
Today, what is called
Knights Templars--
we in America today call them
the international bankers--
the banking elite
like the Rothschilds,
and the Rockefellers, and all
of these international elites.
All are referred to in
law as Knights Templars.
But the bottom line on
this is that if you look up
the history of the Knights
Templars in encyclopedias,
it will tell you that
these Knights Templars were
founded by nine men.
Nine men founded the
Knights Templars.
And then they will
give you some story
about how these nine men got
together after the Crusades,
once the Holy Land was protected
under the pope's dominion,
and that there was so
many people-- wanted
to go to the Holy Land.
It was very dangerous traveling
in those days in the deserts
to go to see the Holy Land.
Those nine men got together,
the reference works say.
And they formed a
protection for the pilgrims
going from Rome and from
Europe over to the Middle East.
Well, logic alone would
tell you nine men are not
going to protect anybody.
And I've got to go and protect
all the millions of pilgrims
going to the Middle
East with nine men?
That was a cover story.
Well, the actual story was--
is that the Knights Templars
were nine Catholic Masonic
Order Freemasons who
were putting together
for the Vatican
a whole new
superstructure of money,
and banking, and government.
And an entire operation was
under the Vatican control.
And there were nine
men who were in charge
of that project of rebuilding
a new order in Europe.
And so that's why the eagle
has the nine tail feathers.
And most of the members of
secret societies know that.
If you bring this up,
they'll tell you, yeah, well,
there was no nine men who
protected the pilgrims.
No nine men could do that.
The eagle has always been
the symbol for the sun.
Why?
Because it has an eagle eye.
And it can see everything,
and it's high up.
And the ancient peoples looked.
They saw their eyes
were perfectly round.
And then they looked
at the sky and see
the sun is perfectly round.
And then in their mind,
the sun represented
light, which light
means intellectuals,
spiritual intelligence.
You're enlightened instead
of being ignorant, and ill
informed, and in the dark.
And so they figured that
God must be very bright.
He's very brilliant.
And so if you follow god,
the sun, you are his pupil.
And so that's why today we
have a pupil in the eye,
because the sun is round.
And we are his people.
We're following him.
I remember reading
back in the '60s
that the dimensions
of the dollar bill
were based on the old Arabic
dimensions of a magic carpet.
They said that this was
like a magic carpet.
It is.
If you got up on it,
you could go anywhere.
Lots of interesting things
about the American dollar bill
and our actual, real history
of where we've come from.
I'm Jordan Maxwell and
thank you for watching.
[MUSIC PLAYING]